fix(CXP): add password concept + typo + links MTA-3616 (#2085)
scaleway/docs-content: console/my-account/concepts.mdx

## Magic Link

> A magic link provides quick and secure access to your account without the hassle of remembering your [password](#login-information). When you choose to sign in with a magic link, you receive a unique link sent directly to your email inbox which you can use one time only to authenticate your login. Afterwards, it automatically becomes invalid.

Reviewer: Afterward is correct here since we use US english :)

Author: My bad

<Concept>

## Password

> A password is a string of characters associated to your account's e-mail address that allows you to access the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com/). It is personal and must not be shared with anyone. Alternatively, you can use a [magic link](#magic-link) to authenticate yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A password is a string of characters associated to your account's email address that allows you to access the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com/). It is personal and must not be shared with anyone. Alternatively, you can use a [magic link](#magic-link) to authenticate yourself.
```
